Use less verbose intrinsic element props (#322)
typescript-cheatsheets/react: docs/basic/getting-started/react-prop-type-examples.md

  functionChildren: (name: string) => React.ReactNode; // recommended function as a child render prop type
  style?: React.CSSProperties; // to pass through style props
  onChange?: React.FormEventHandler<HTMLInputElement>; // form events! the generic parameter is the type of event.target

>   props: Props & React.ComponentPropsWithoutRef<"button">; // to impersonate all the props of a button element without its ref

Reviewer: why not `ComponentProps` instead of `ComponentPropsWithoutRef`?

Reviewer: oh... i just saw this https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/blob/a05cc538a42243c632f054e42eab483ebf1560ab/types/react/index.d.ts#L761

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  props: Props & React.ComponentPropsWithoutRef<"button">; // to impersonate all the props of a button element without forwarding its ref. more info: https://react-typescript-cheatsheet.netlify.app/docs/advanced/patterns_by_usecase/#wrappingmirroring
```

Reviewer: Maybe just being explicit:

```suggestion
  //  more info: https://react-typescript-cheatsheet.netlify.app/docs/advanced/patterns_by_usecase/#wrappingmirroring
  props: Props & React.ComponentPropsWithoutRef<"button">; // to impersonate all the props of a button element and explicitly not forwarding its ref
  props2: Props & React.ComponentPropsWithRef<MyButtonForwardedRef>; // to impersonate all the props of MyButtonForwardedRef and explicitly forwarding its ref
```
